JJ the tech guy here purchase some I
guess they're called gymnast rings for
gymnastic rings ooh for some suspension
training I got these at Amazon they were
about $33 and pretty much when you buy
these they have actually really good
ratings on them they're gonna come in
this box so again this is not a product
review but I'm just kind of showing you
what you'll see they'll actually on the
box you have instructions to tell you
how you're going to actually set them up
there's nothing else in the box it's
like for the Rings this is how the cords
are going to come they're just you know
wrap like that - two of the Rings which
are made of I'm you know probably hard
plastic or some sort of you know plastic
like that but as you can see I mean my
hands are actually not that big but
they're actually pretty big I mean if
you have big big hands you shouldn't
have a problem they're actually about
inside they're about I want to say about
close to seven inches as far as the
width and then on the outside they're
about about nine inches so they're about
there they're about an inch thick the
Rings I mean they're they're pretty big
but anyways that's about it and then
you're going to get you know the strap
and the way that did you actually put it
together you know you'll run the strap
through the ring and then you'll
eventually just take it to the bottom
here so you'll just run it run it
through the bottom through there you'll
press this down and then you will run
the tip through there and then you'll
just pull it pull it you know towards I
guess away from the from the
clamp and it will like it will keep I'm
holding the camera in my hand but if you
keep pulling it like it'll keep going it
okay keep giving but once you pull back
of course because of the teeth that are
in the in the clip here they won't go
back so it won't give I mean these have
really good ratings as far as how much
weight they hold and the fact that they
don't slip and they're actually cheap
for what they're supposed to be used for
so the straps are actually really really
long you should not have a problem as
far as the length is concerned I tell
you the truth I haven't really measured
it but I mean you easily easily have
over 6 feet of a fan to work with once
it's actually hung up and you can
shorten it as much as possible and
pretty much this is how it'll look the
band you know will run through the
through the ring and then you'll
eventually you know whenever they're
hanging or whatever you'll put your foot
through here or your hand or whatever
you're doing for your suspension
training but that's about it they're the
no yo-yo gymnastic rings if I'm not
mistaken like I said I got him at Amazon
for about 33 dollars I have Prime so
that it was free shipping well that was
it until next time